Now, you may be asking yourself, Mo.
Now that I've developed this app.
Well, I basically need to be in development mode in order to show it to anyone.
I can't really run it outside of my house.
I need to be on my computer at all times.
It's really quite bothersome.
How do I go about this?
And so that's a great question, because one of the things that happens here is that you may be in the
process of making an app, but you don't want to publish it to the store yet.
So it's publicly available.
But you do want to show your friends and family potentially what's going on.
In order to do that, let's go over to the terminal here.
And one of the commands that we need to know is something called XPO Publishing.
If we go to the Expo Help section and we scroll up here, it kind of becomes unreadable.
But over here we can see publish deployer project to Expo hosting.
So this will allow us to deploy a project directly to Expo.
And if we run Expo publish, if we're not logged, then obviously it'll ask us to log in.
But you should do expo log into your account.
And what Expo publishers are going to do is it's going to publish a built version of your application,
all the assets to your account.
And so if we go in here and we sign into our account, which for me is Bobigny, and if I grab my expo
password and paste it in here and we sign in, what I'll be able to see.
Is I'll be able to see a meals to go up over here with STK 30.
I have to because I've been testing out, but this is the one that we've recently published.
And if we go over to the Expo website, what we'll see over here is a project, and this project is
the Meals to Go project.
It's a project that we have been working on.
And over here, it clearly states that I am the owner.
Currently, there are no builds because we have run no builds.
We've just published our project for our own consumption.
And over here we can see the expo, you, Earl, and what that will show us is going to be our project
page.
And currently it's not publicly visible, but you could make the project publicly visible to everyone.
Now, one thing to note here is that these published projects, they will not open on iOS unless you
are logged into the account that is the owner of this project.
So if you want to share this project with multiple iOS users, it will not work.
Android users, I believe, should be able to open this QR code just fine.
But just note that there is a limitation here for the published project to only be accessible to your
account.
And if we open that up, what we're going to see is our application loading perfectly fine with all
of the things that we put in place.
And we can log out.
We can see our animation pop up here and it's absolutely amazing.